# MinecraftStats

:no_entry: 

You landed on the work-in-progress `java` branch, which is neither functional, nor documented, nor supported at the time being.

Please head to the [master](https://github.com/pdinklag/MinecraftStats) branch!

## Setup

### Requirements

&hellip;

### Installation

&hellip;

#### Plugin

&hellip;

#### CLI

&hellip;

##### Migrating from Python

&hellip;

### Configuration

&hellip;

#### Plugin

&hellip;

#### CLI

&hellip;

### Usage

&hellip;

#### CLI

&hellip;

##### Automatic Updates

&hellip;

##### FTP

&hellip;

## Events

&hellip;

## Development

&hellip;

### Custom Awards

&hellip;

### Building

&hellip;

## Troubleshooting

&hellip;

* `org.json.JSONException: JSONObject["data"] not found.`
  * You have likely just migrated from Python and did not configure a document root yet.
* The web frontend is stuck at the loader image and does not show anything.
  * This typically means that the data generated by an update cannot be loaded. Please open the browser console (`F12 → Console` in most browsers) and look for error messages.
  * Any file not found (code 404) errors may hint that data has not been generated. Make sure there is a `data` folder in your webserver's document root. If not, chances are you did not run any update, or the data was written to a wrong location (double-check the configuration).
  * If there is anything logged about a *CORS Policy*, chances are you are trying to open `index.html` from your filesystem directly. As a security measure, most browsers do not support loading JavaScript from the filesystem, hence the frontend will not work. Please use a local webserver instead.

## History

&hellip;

## License and Attribution

&hellip;

